Clean up the image building guide and rearrange environment docs a bit (#262)
2i2c-org/docs: user/environment/dynamic-imagebuilding.md

  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

:::{warning}
Currently, user-built environments support only **GitHub** as a repository provider.
:::

## Benefits

* **No Dockerfile expertise needed** — `repo2docker` generates a Dockerfile automatically from commonly used configuration files of popular package managers, but allows advanced builds for those who are comfortable with Dockerfiles.
* **Reproducible** – your environment configuration is fully described in version-controlled files.
* **Portable to Binder** – the same setup works on [mybinder.org](https://mybinder.org) and any BinderHub, as well as other JupyterHubs with dynamic image building.

## How dynamic image building works

This JupyterHub configuration uses the [repo2docker](https://repo2docker.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) tool for building images in a way that JupyterHub can use. It was designed for the [BinderHub technology](https://binderhub.readthedocs.io) which powers [mybinder.org](https://mybinder.org).

## Get started

This is a quick guide to getting started with dynamic image building.

### Step 1: Prepare a GitHub Repository

1. Create a **public GitHub repository**.

> 2. Add the following optional files (choose what you need):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add one or more of the following optional files, based upon your needs:
```

   * `environment.yml` – for `conda` packages (and/or `pip` Python packages).
   * `requirements.txt` – for `pip` Python packages.
   * `install.R` – for R packages.
   * `apt.txt` – for Ubuntu system packages.
   * `runtime.txt` – to pin Python/R versions if not specified elsewhere.
   * `postBuild` (executable) – script to run after installation.
   * `start` (executable) – script to run each time the container starts.

>    If you include a `Dockerfile`, then `repo2docker` uses this definition and ignores the above files and a regular Docker build is performed. See [](#image-building:learn-more) for links to resources to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `repo2docker` dynamically generates a `Dockerfile` for you, based upon which of these files you include in your repo, so you don't have to deal with the intricacies of writing your own `Dockerfile`. For further information about these files, see the [repo2docker configuration file guide](https://repo2docker.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration/).

   Alternatively, if your repo includes a `Dockerfile`, then `repo2docker` uses it directly (ignoring any of the files above) and performs a regular Docker build.
   
   See [](#image-building:learn-more) for links to additional resources.
```
